1.7 upgrade note (#7397)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/upgrade-specific.html.md

## Consul 1.7.0

Consul 1.7.0 contains three major changes that impact upgrades: 
[stricter JSON decoding](#stricter-json-decoding), [modified DNS outputs](#dns-ptr-record-output), 
and [backward-incompatible Session API changes](#session-api).

### Session API

> This version introduced a backwards incompatible change to the Session API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul 1.7.0 and 1.7.1 introduced a backwards incompatible change to the Session API. 
```

Author: The change was introduced in 1.7.0.

So how about:
```suggestion
Consul 1.7.0 introduced a backwards incompatible change to the Session API. 
```

> Queries to get or renew sessions from agents on earlier versions will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries to view or renew sessions from agents on earlier versions will be rejected.
```
With an error?

Author: Yeah, a session ID validation error.

> This impacts features and products including: Vault, the enterprise snapshot agent, and locks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This impacts features and products including: Vault, the Enterprise snapshot agent, and locks.
```

The issue occurs when clients are still running 1.6.4 or earlier but servers have been upgraded to 1.7.0 or 1.7.1. 

> For this reason, we recommend you upgrade directly to 1.7.2 which will include a fix for this issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this reason, we recommend you upgrade directly to 1.7.2 when it is available as it will include a fix for this issue.
```
